fix: gas is burned, not given to validators (#1227)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/basics/transactions/gas.md

Maintaining the infrastructure up and running is important to keep the network healthy, but represents a significant cost for the validator. 

As many other networks, NEAR **pays the validators** for their job. Also like many other networks, users have to pay a small **fee** (aka **gas fee**) on every transaction. But instead of giving the gas fee to the validators, validators receive their reward independent from the gas fees. This topic is discussed in more details in the [validators](../validators.md) section.

In addition, NEAR implements two unique features with respect to gas fees:
1. Sharing fees with developers
2. Allowing for **free** transactions

### 1. Gas as a Developer Incentive

> Something unique to NEAR is that the GAS is not used to pay validators. In transactions that involve calling a contract the fee is actually divided:

Reviewer: Small suggestion for a little more clarity if you agree.

```suggestion
Something unique to NEAR is that the GAS is not used to pay validators. In transactions where calling a contract would incur a gas fee, the fee is actually divided as follows:
```
